Gracefully fall back to unlit shading in ModelExperimental for models without normals (#10237)
CesiumGS/cesium: Specs/Data/Models/GltfLoader/BoxNoNormals/README.md

> # A Box Without Normals
> 
> This model is a variation on Box-Gltf-2 except with the `NORMAL` attribute
> is removed. No `KHR_materials_unlit` is added. This is intentional to test
> fallback behavior to unlit shading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A Box Without Normals

This model is a variation on Box-Gltf-2 except the `NORMAL` attribute has been
removed. `KHR_materials_unlit` has not been added. This is to intentionally test
the fallback behavior when a model without normals is loaded in -- it should
instead use unlit shading.
```
